I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trιp.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.